Add the governing board's committee's charters (#2905)
matrix-org/matrix.org: content/foundation/governing-board/committees.md

+++
title = "Governing Board Committees"
weight = 3
extra.summary = """
The Committees of the Governing Board are subgroups focusing on specific areas of interest to The Matrix Foundation.
"""
+++

The Committees of the Governing Board are subgroups focusing on specific areas of interest to The Matrix Foundation.
They are the primary working units of the Board and consist exclusively of Board members.

> Committees host [Working Groups](@/foundation/working-groups/index.md) to enable broader community participation in the Foundation.

Reviewer: I think it could be made clearer that working group members are not necessarily part of the governing board. How about the following?

```suggestion
People who are not part of the Governing Board can also give their time to help the Foundation. Such volunteers can join [Working Groups](@/foundation/working-groups/index.md) that contain at least a Governing Board Member interested in their topic, and volunteers.
```

Reviewer 2: I agree with both of you. How about this?
---
Committees contain multiple [Working Groups] to enable broader community participation in the Foundation. Working Groups are made of volunteer members, along with a Board Member to co-ordinate with the rest of the Board & other Groups.
---
I think that hits the notes?

You can learn more about how Committees work in the [Bylaws of the Governing Board](@/foundation/governing-board/bylaws/02-bylaws.md#4-committees).

There are currently 4 Committees:

* [Community](#community)
* [Governance](#governance)
* [Trust & Safety](#trust-safety)

> * [Finance & Fundraising](#finance-fundraising)

Author: is this sufficient? does it need changing to the linter picks it up?
